gRPC Stream class docs (#1535)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/_index.md

Using a gRPC client creates a stream. The client should be connected to the server (`client.connect` called) before creating a stream.

| Class/Method                                                                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Stream(client, url, [,params])](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-experimental/grpc/stream) | Using a connected [gRPC client](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/client) and the method's URL creates a stream. Optionally, you could pass [`params` for additional configurations](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/params) like tags, metadata, etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Stream(client, url, [,params])](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-experimental/grpc/stream) | Using a connected [gRPC client](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/client) and the method's URL creates a stream. Optionally, you can pass [`params` for additional configuration options](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/params) like tags, metadata, etc. |
```
